The T5 model could be used
on several NLP tasks and
it also uses similar
training strategy to birds.
Concretely, it makes use of transfer
learning and masked language modeling.
The T5 model also uses
transformers when training.
So let's take a look at how you can use
this model in your own applications.
>> So you're going to understand how T5
works, then you're going to recognize
the different types of attention used and
see an overview of the model architecture.
So T5 transformers known as
the text to text transformer and
you can use it in classification,
you can use it for
question answering to answer a question.
You can use it for machine translation,
you can use it for summarization and
you can use it for sentiments.
And there are other applications
that you can use T5 for, but
we'll focus on this for now.
So the model architecture and the way the
pre training is done first of all is you
have an original text, something like
this where you have thank you for
inviting me to your party last week.
So you mask the certain words,
so for inviting me last and
then you replace it with these
tokens like brackets X, brackets Y.
So brackets X corresponding to for
inviting and
brackets why corresponding to last.
And your targets are going to be
brackets X for inviting brackets Y last.
And these tokens or these brackets like
they keep going in increments order,
so then it's bracket Z, then maybe
brackets A brackets B and so forth.
So each brackets corresponds to a certain
targets, the model architecture and
a different transformer architectural
variants that we're going to consider for
the attention party are.
So we start with the basic
encoder decoder representation.
So you can see over here you have fully
visible attention in the encoder and
then causal attention in the decoder and
then you have the general encoder decoder
representation just as a notation.
So light gray lines correspond
to causal masking and
dark gray lines correspond to
the fully visible masking.
So on the left, as I said again,
it's the standard encoder decoder
architecture in the middle over here
what we have we have the language
model which consists of a single
transformer layers stack and
it's being fed the concatenation
of the input and the target.
So it uses causal masking throughout
as you can see because they're
all great lines and you have X1
going inside over here, get a X2.
X two goes into the model X three and
so forth.
Now over here to the right we
have prefix language model which
corresponds to allowing fully visible
masking over the inputs as you can
see here in the dark arrows and
then causal masking in the rest.
So as you can see over here
it's doing causal masking.
So the model architecture which
uses encoder decoder stack,
it has 12 transformer blocks each.
So you can think of it as a dozen X and
then 220 million parameters.
So in summary, you've seen prefix language
model attention, you've seen the model
architecture for T5 and you've seen how
the pre training is done similar to birds,
but we just use masked
language modeling here.
>> You now have an overview
of the transformer model,
you know how to train it and you've seen
that you can use it on multiple tasks.
In the next video, I'll be talking about
a few training strategies for this model.
See you there.